# Automa tracke data attributes

## from automa_tracker.html

id | data attribute | admissible data attribute
--- | ---
button_dropdown_expansions_menu | bs-toggle | yes
button_dropdown_extra_cards_menu | bs-toggle | yes
col_button_add_bird_card_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes
col_button_add_bonus_card_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes
col_button_add_egg_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes
col_button_add_food_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes
col_button_add_nectar_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes
col_button_remove_bird_card_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes
col_button_remove_egg_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes
col_button_remove_food_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes
col_button_remove_nectar_hoard_tokens | n_tokens | yes

button_round_1_end_goal | enable_start_game | no
button_round_2_end_goal | enable_start_game | no
button_round_3_end_goal | enable_start_game | no
button_round_4_end_goal | enable_start_game | no
col_difficulty_radio | enable_start_game | no
row_automa_hoard_tokens_per_egg_radio | enable_start_game | no
row_automa_points_per_face_down_bird_card_radio | enable_start_game | no
row_automa_starting_nectar_radio | enable_start_game | no

col_round_1_end_cube_count | counter | no
col_round_1_end_cube_count | me_round_end_points | no
col_round_2_end_cube_count | counter | no
col_round_2_end_cube_count | me_round_end_points | no
col_round_3_end_cube_count | counter | no
col_round_3_end_cube_count | me_round_end_points | no
col_round_4_end_cube_count | counter | no
col_round_4_end_cube_count | me_round_end_points | no

## from automa_tracker_scripts.js

img_round_${round_number}_end_goal | round_end_goal | yes
